hey everybody exotic gaming here welcome  back to the channel so  valorent mobile who's excited i know i  am i'm gonna be playing this game the  second it comes out globally and i'm  sure many of you guys are as well as a  matter of fact there is already testing  going on for the game there is a private  test that's going on right now as we  speak in china it's very secretive it's  very exclusive only a very small number  of people have actually gotten access to  the game but  despite this one of the people in china  has already leaked some gameplay footage  of valrant mobile we have our very first  look about three minutes of gameplay of  what valorem mobile will be like for us  when we finally get to play the game and  i thought it would be really cool in  today's video for me to share with you  all that footage and also talk about a  lot of the myths and lies that other  people are talking about to try to  dispel a lot of the people that try to  claim they already have the download  when they don'ts i hope you guys are  excited leave a like if you are planning  on playing valrant mobile when it comes  out and subscribe because i'm gonna make  a how to download tutorial video because  chances are it's probably gonna be a  little bit difficult to download the  game if you want to play it you might  want to subscribe so you know how to  download anyways with all this being  said as you guys can see here i've  downloaded about three minutes of  footage for valrant mobile and as we're  starting up this footage i want to be  very clear that this is not the quality  of what the game will look like when we  start playing it  you can see here that it's very low  quality like 360p quality on youtube or  something like that that's because  whoever recorded this footage uploaded  it to a chinese website and then it got  downloaded then it got re-uploaded and  downloaded and that lowers the quality  of the video so kind of look past that  and just see the game for what it is we  can see that there's a heck of a lot of  different settings here i mean i have no  idea what any of that means because  obviously i don't speak chinese i  learned a little bit of it in school but  i have forgotten most of it so if  anybody out there would like to  translate this footage i you know you're  more than happy to and i might heart  your comments if it's accurate obviously  um i find it interesting that the  graphics are not groundbreaking and and  that basically probably will mean that  this is going to be one of those games  that's going to work very well on lower  end devices like you're looking at this  footage and you know it's right in line  with a lot of other games that are  coming out right now it's not like way  ahead of everything else if the graphics  were like  perfect you know almost real life  looking then you're really going to  limit the amount of players that can  actually play now here's another clip  from a different person potentially or  it might be from the same person i have  no idea why the chinese text keeps  overlaying over the video that's just  how it was when i downloaded it but we  can see here there's a wide variety of  different characters that you can select  between seven it looks like maybe  there's more i'm not 100 sure but it  seems like there are seven from this  screen right here you can select  whatever character you want and then it  loads up this is the loading screen it's  probably going to give like a tutorial  and other stuff like that as you're  waiting to jump into the match just like  a lot of other games do like you know  pubg mobile does that for instance it's  like oh open the airdrop to get a good  gun you know stuff like that yeah you  can see there there's the tutorial but  um even despite this lower video quality  we can see that the gun animations look  nice the reload looks good and oh i  completely forgot about this part here  this is actually pretty cool  there's an entire hud layout and from  what i can see right here  i don't know if you guys would agree it  looks like there's a lot of buttons and  some of them i don't know what they are  like you look on the right hand side of  the screen there's a freaking wrench  with a gun bullet this one right here on  on the left hand i mean on the right  hand side did i say left i don't even  know i'm just so excited to be looking  at this right and then you have this  button right here this might be some  type of like vaulting or jump button i  don't really know or they could just be  your special abilities potentially but  there's a lot of different button  options that you can press even this  five times and two times which i find  very interesting on the left hand side  of the screen there's a jump button  there's like an  aiming button and then there's also a  crouch button which is interesting as  well but obviously there's not too many  more minutes of gameplay here only a few  more seconds and we can just see how  like you know this is gonna be one of  those games that's gonna be uh you know  probably better for about four to five  finger claw i feel like you're gonna  have a difficult time playing this game  if but you know you only play with  thumbs so all right there we go now  before you click away because the video  footage is complete i do want to talk  about some very important things um  first things first if you don't know how  to pre-register for this game i would  highly recommend going to tap tap dot io  on your phone and then you can either  pre-register for android or ios you can  see that there's literally almost one  and a half million pre-registrations so  a lot of people know about the game  already but um it doesn't hurt that you  can pre-register even if you haven't  that way you could potentially be one of  the first people selected whenever  another beta comes out  next thing there's a lot of websites out  there that claim they have downloads for  valorent mobile and  i want to apologize for not uploading a  video in a couple of days i have spent  the last two days scouring the internet  going to every single english website  and every single chinese websites trying  to find a download i probably got so  many viruses on my computer i downloaded  so many risky files on my phone and  probably completely screwed up my phone  both my iphone and my android tons of  different apps and they are all scams  they are all lies they are not valorent  mobile so if you see websites like this  one right here apk modi it says it has  valrant mobile apk v  1.0.3 that is not real this is not an  actual valerian mobile file potentially  it has a virus or at the very least it's  just a completely different game  altogether it says it's updated on  february 22nd 2022 that's before the  beta even started in china this was  before testing even started so it's not  possible to have this apk file from that  long ago here's another chinese website  let's go translate it this one claims it  has an itunes download you can even scan  the qr code it says it renewed on april  9th of 2022 that was only a few days ago  seems like that's a little bit more  optimistic but when you click on this  and then you go to the itunes download  it brings you up to a completely  different app altogether look at this  valerant wallpapers which we can  understand why this thing only has a one  star rating that's because this is not  valerant mobile even though the game  claims it does even though it has  screenshots from valorant it explains  all the different features of the game  this is not valorent mobile here's  another one this one actually might  potentially be legit but all it is is  just a way that you can pre-register for  the game on a chinese websites i would  never recommend actually going to this  website because i don't know how  trustworthy it is  you might potentially get the game  earlier if you go to this website than  if you were to sign up on tap tap  because you are pre-registering in china  but i really wouldn't trust that i did  and i'm probably going to end up getting  tons of spammy text messages because of  that  now a lot of people might think that  people in china just have free access to  the game but that's not entirely the  case here is a news article from china  and they are very shocked valorent  mobile game has entered the closed beta  stage the national service curve saves  the country first that's bad translation  but basically here they're even getting  their news from twitter just like us it  was not until the evening of april 9th  that danny intel a foreign service  whistleblower posted on twitter that he  received reliable information from  chinese informants the valorent mobile  game had started a secret test in china  and he released five pictures of the  test suit confirming the existence of  the mobile game they're developing the  mobile game and yeah basically all  they're saying is is they did not get  the news of the valorant internal test  at all it seems that 10 cent conducted a  small scale test and did not announce  the existence of this mobile game  so basically even people in china do not  have access to it this is a very  secretive test and here's one more  websites i i would like to show you guys  that this is again another scammy  website that tries to claim that they  have valorance they actually have three  different versions of it they have this  one this one and this one but if you try  to click the download button it's gonna  download a completely different game and  uh you know you're more than welcome to  search the chinese internet like i did i  did so much i searched valorent with  tons of different potential search terms  valorent gameplay valorette mobile how  to download valorent on ios android  stuff like that none of these websites  actually come up with anything even  chinese people themselves don't know how  to play this game on mobile this is  literally from a chinese person there's  an entire like social media tab of  people talking about it that are sharing  the same exact screenshots that we  already know about for this game here if  we actually take a look at this you can  see these are the same screenshots that  we've been getting these are not  actually screenshots for mobile these  are screenshots from pc but you guys get  the idea a lot of people have no  freaking idea what this thing is in  china even so this is a very select few  beta tests that only a few amount of  people actually um had access to you can  even search this by latest release on  chinese youtube or most clicks  comprehensive sorting there's pretty  much like one or two videos period  talking about this and uh well look if  you look at this it's basically just  showing screenshots and other stuff like  that this isn't even valerent mobile  gameplay it's just the chinese version  of valorance and they're talking about  showing mobile gameplay so tons of stuff  to go over tons of stuff to talk about  but basically the whole point of the  second half of the video was to tell you  guys that even people in china do not  have access to this game yet this was a  very closed test that only a select few  number of people actually had access to  and it's going to be a little bit before  we have another test and hopefully in  that other test we're actually going to  be able to play the game for right now  do not go to all of these scammy  websites and try to download valrant  mobile because you're not going to find  it on these websites it's just going to  take you to random freaking apps that  you don't want to download and you might  end up getting a virus on your computer  or your phone and then you might not be  able to play valerian at all that's end  up being the case so basically that's  the whole point there hope you guys did  enjoy the game play let's go back here  as we're talking about the outro just to  go over this gameplay once again um  leave a like if you're excited for valor  at mobile because i know i am and uh as  i said earlier on in the video make sure  to subscribe because i will be making a  how to download tutorial video whenever  there's actually a download that is  legit out there i will continue to scour  the chinese internet and if you guys  would like to do that yourself you can  and then tweet at me if you happen to  find something before me and i'll uh  i'll feature your your twitter in the in  the video or something like that give  you a shout out if you can find a  download before me but um that's  basically it thank you so much for  watching guys and stay safe out there  i'll see you all in the next episode